# 2022-06-28-09-47-57 Lab Meeting Prep
Created: 2022-06-28 09:47:57

Summary of work last week:

## Heber Project
1. I made a timeline for the Heber 2021 Veg Analysis in Monday.com
	1. I also exported this timeline to a Gantt chart that I posted in Slack chat and pinned the message to the top of the #camera-studies channel
	2. #task I still need to make a Kanban board for the Heber 2021 Photo Analysis in Monday.com #heberproject 
2. I did a major overhaul of how we track the status of each photo collection in the form of a Kanban board, for Heber and the White Mountains
	1. Each photo collection is placed in a lane/column that designates it status of completion
	2. The column is labeled by what task needs to be done to the folder
	3. This help me visualize where the folder is along the series of processing steps
	4. As a task is completed for a photo collection, I simply move that folder/card to the next column/lane
	5. This is majorly helpful to me so I can see where the hold up is in the process
	6. Last week, the Angie sorted 6 folders and Kaitlyn sorted 2 folders. Dakota is also working on some data for us. Carter will also be taking on some photo assignments.
	7. Averaging about 1 folder a day for each student, so with 13 remaining *SORTING* assignments for the Heber 2021 timelapse data, I would estimate about 7-10 days until all of the sorting assignments are completed for the Heber 2021 timelapse data. 
	8. Still have to break those assignments into chunks, and I don't know how many chunks there will be, so it is hard to estimate the number of days remaining to complete photo *SCORING*
	9.  There are still 75 remaining sorting assignments for the 2021 motion activated cameras
3. Last week, I completed 36 extract metadata assignments.
	1. I automated this process with changes to an R script that also sends me a push notification to my phone when it finishes processing a folder.
	2. It's linked to my Kanban board, so it automatically pulls in the folders to process that need metadata. #task I still need to improve the way the Kanban board is linked because it relies on reading line numbers that do change frequently. #heberproject 
## Virtual Fence Project
4. I made improvements to the Cybertracker app that we use to input virtual fence collar metadata into HerdManager
	1. Some tweaks, like the changing the name of the "Visual_ID" column to "EarTag" so it intuitively makes more sense to other users and also conforms with the name of the column in HerdManager
	2. I was able to create a new virtual herd using this metadata, which then associated each individual's ear tag with it's collar id (deviceEUI). 4 barcodes (out of 110) failed to be scanned by the app, not sure why.
	3. The biggest issue is that the collar id's were worn off on the old collars, making it very difficult to record the previous collar id for animals that were recollared. I ended up matching based on the ear tag from the November metadata and using that collar id to fill in those missing or incomplete values.

[Heber-Photo-Tasks-Query](Heber-Photo-Tasks-Query.md)

## Tags

## References
1. 